{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red224\green224\blue224;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We agree to share the workload evenly, all taking an equal share in\'a0researching, writing, and presenting the information for our project. If either member does not complete his work before the deadline set, then this member is to have his grade lowered based on the severity of the offense, determined by the other member.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1. (Top Choice) Evolution and the new age of sports\'a0\
\
Sports used to just be acts of physical competition but recently a new genre of sports has come about: Esports. Video games have evolved so much that competitive video games is being recognized as a sport with many world championships and international events. As the American society invents newer and better technology, the accuracy of and speed of computing and other consoles has allowed for these games to become competitions between solely human skill. This along with a new generation begins to cause the shift towards electronic sports.\
\
\
2. Evolution and The Accessibility of Television\
\
 Television in the United States has started as just one simple unit that was used by an entire family for entertainment purposes. Due to the increased demands and instant gratification in American culture, television is now much more accessible and fast paced than ever before. A stationary \'93plastic box\'94 that had required slowly flipping through channels has evolved into instant streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu; implemented mainly on mobile platforms.\
\
\
3. Evolution and the Success of Cartoons\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Cartoons have existed for many years and they\'92ve actively evolved alongside popular culture. The implementation and success of certain traits make for some cartoons to last over 20 years, consistently creating new content. There are new traits added for every new cartoon and whether these new cartoons implement the old successful traits along with new traits tailored to current culture will determine their future success.\
}